---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

Namaste,

The second week of Object Oriented Programming and was it a short one. Due to the labor day weekend we only had two classes this week. Three highlights of the week:
1. Bloomberg Guest Speaker
2. Engineering Expo
3. Project #1 Collatz due

Prof. Downing as promised in the beginning that he is going to bring few speakers to the class and so he did. Chris Martin from Bloomberg came in and talked about the company as being a "software company" and not a "finace company". Though the company deals with funds and equity, most of the stuff going on inside Bloomberg is software related. The company builds all the software they need internally which is unique, and use a variety of programming languages: C++, Javascript are the most used one. I also learned that they are a private company which is a good thing as they can make decisions without being worried about the shareholders! Chris Martin being one of the recuriters also gave me tips about the resume and be able to explain the details of the resume in a properly explainable manner. It was a really good experience.

Engineering Expo! Well as a Computer Science major we will have our cns fair but I still wanted to attend the expo to get the feel of it. I took it as a way to prepare for CNS career fair. Be able to explain them my resume, learned about the companies and took tips from the recuriters to improve my resume. In all it was a good experience.

Project #1 Collatz was due this week on Thursday. I implemented caching for the first time and saw it in real time how it optimized run time of my program. I implemented Lazy caching which helped me get the time to 0.00s from 0.02s, though I would still like to learn and implement Eager Caching. Learned how to make proper documentation with the help of Doxygen. Really cool tool. Finished the assignment on time. Now my eyes are on reading the textbook that I just received this week! Until then I'll see you next week.

Shukriya.

Tip of the week: I learned something new this week, about github, that one can delete the subfolder/directory. On your local repo input in the terminal: "git rm -f --cached foldername" and add, commit, push the change made.
