---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

Namaste,

Into the fifth week of Object Oriented Programming. Highlights of the week:
1. Examining C++ code snippets
2. 3 tests!

We focused on Iterators and lambdas this week. Lambdas are interesting because it is a function in just one line. Pretty rad huh. So you can have the return statement, parameters, and function body all in one line. Prof. Downing went through the code snippets and explained how iterators work. At the end of each class for 10 mins he made all of us write the code for respective functions/class. Apparently the questions on the quizzes are going to be similar.

I had 3 tests this past week. And was it brutal. I thought sleepless night were over after the hackathon but school hit me hard we three tests and boom, a full week of sleepless nights. It was brutal and I haven't been able to catch up on the material of Downing's class. Hopefully I can do so over the weekend and next week and be ready for the test. I am pretty nervous about it. I am going to have group studies with different people and try to understand the concepts more better. I'll let you know how the test goes. Until then See you next week.

Shukriya.

Tip of the Week: Oktoberfest on Github known as Hacktoberfest. Apply for it and submit 4 patches to any open source project and win a t-shirt from github. Nice practice of coding skills and something to add to resume and your closet ;) <br>Here is the link: https://github.com/blog/2067-hacktoberfest-contribute-to-open-source-in-october