---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

Namaste,

Into the twelfth week of Object Oriented Programming. Highlights of the week:
1. Project Life is due
2. More Inheritance in class.

Oh Life thou art and thou soul. It took us pretty long to do the project. We spent chunk of our time designing Life implementing inheritance. But as we kept coding we figured then we had to make some changes with the design sooner or later. I think it is a process that you learn. We had the working model by Wednesday and everything was ready. But we had the code on visual studio and we did not forsee/predict that anything could go wrong on Linux. Now we are on Thursday about to submit our code somewhere near noon and our code does not compile on Linux. We were screwed and could not figure out what in the hell was wrong. We tried to fix the error for next hours until we found out that we were deleting a pointer which was resulting in core dump error. We were 20 mins past deadline and we submitted our code. Hopefully we do not get late penalty for this issue.

In class we went through different examples of inheritance in C++ and Java. Prof. Downing points out the similarities and differences between C++ and Java. The lecture format is still the same in the class and Prof. Downing calls on students to answer the questions. I was called during the week and I failed misreably to answer the question. It is a wake up call for me and I should start studying before the finals hit me hard.

Tip of the Week: Do not code on Visual Studio. Visual Studio has a good debugging tool but it can be a pain if you need the code to work on some other compiler. If you wish to use Visual Studio plan your timeline accordingly.

Shukriya.