---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

Hi Everyone,

I am Kaivan and I will posting about my experience of attending the CS 371p class every week this semester. I am a transfer student and really excited to attebd UT fall 2015. Before joining I had to give to two transfer credit exams: CS429 and CS 311 respectively. I was able to clear CS 429 and hence, I got a chance to register for OOP.

About Prof. Downing, I did not know much about him until I had to register for an Upper Divison Class. I read few reviews online and asked about him on facebook. I'll mention what I found:
1. Everybody under CS program takes Prof. Downing once in their 4 years at UT.
2. The class is intense and one will learn alot.
3. One does need to be nervous but excited since there is a lot of valuable stuff to learn in the class.
4. He is an interactive professor! So one will never sleep in his class. :D
5. He has attendance mandotary(via Tophat) with 5 abscences equalling a letter grade drop! So one has to attend almost each and every class.

My first class was on Friday because I could not attend the first class on Wednesday due to registration issues. Prof. Downing's main topic for the class was Collatz conjecture. Collatz takes a positive int and performs certain opertains based on the int being even or odd.
He covered the following code:
Assertions.c++
UnitTests1.c++
UnitTests2.c++
UnitTests3.c++
Coverage1.c++
Coverage2.c++
Coverage3.c++
He made sure to explain crucial part of the code by asking questions to his audience by calling out their names(interactive class). There was a section in the end where he made us talk to our neighbors and proof-think the code to find out the possible error in the code. I think that was the best part of the class. I felt the class was a bit fast according to my pace. But I was still able to understand the material. I am looking forward to post about the class on weekly basis and get better on writing posts. Ciao!

Tip of the week: 
Almost forgot this! (http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2014/08/build-blog-jekyll-github-pages/). If anybody needs help setting up a blog on github, follow this link. It helped me out :D.

Thank you,
Kaivan
