---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

Namaste,

**1. What did you do this past week?**

Went to my brothers house as he had a house party! Had a lot of fun, much needed before the finals.

And Barcelona won the EL clasico!!!! And the winner was scored by none other than the best player in the world LIONEL MESSI! It was an icing on the cake and what a way to score 500th goal for your club. Absolutely magical to watch it live :)

Heavily Working on my Android Movie App for my mobile computing class.

Started studying for the test on thursday! I am so scared.

**2. What's in your way?**

AI hw9 and project 5 is due

SWE test on thursday
SWE presentation

Competitve programming week 12 assignment

Android app Beta version due on wednesday

LEB test on wednesday

**3. What will you do next week?**

We are almost done. Work on my AI hw, project and competitive programming assignment.
Will have to shell out some time for the Android app because the beta deadline is coming closer.
IB 327 write up is huge and will have to allocate time for it.

**4. What's my experience of the class?**

Ran into some problems with Visualization and will have it work it out over the week with my group as we got to know it is due the week we present the project. duh :/
Also, Class is getting harder now. I need to pick the slack up.

**5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

 I learned something new this week, about github, that one can delete the subfolder/directory. On your local repo input in the terminal: "git rm -f --cached foldername" and add, commit, push the change made.
Thank you,
Kaivan
