---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

Namaste,

**1. What did you do this past week?**

Finally I heard back from Magic Leap and I will be interning there this summer :)

Worked on Android Weather App for my android class.

Watched 3 movies in a row: Ghost in the Shell in xd is pretty good. It could have been made more interesting. Kong Skull Island was the best of the bunch that I watched. Action packed and who doesnt like a gorilla monster beating the hell out of other animals. Cant wait for godzilla vs king kong. Third movie was beauty & the beast, while not a big fan of musical, I liked this movie.

**2. What's in your way?**

IDB3 is due.

AI hw7 is due

Competitve programming week 11 assignment

Android app Beta version

IB 327 Write Up due

**3. What will you do next week?**

Wrap up IDB 3. We are almost done. Work on my AI hw and competitive programming assignment.
Will have to shell out some time for the ANdroid app because the beta deadline is coming closer.
IB 327 write up is huge and will have to allocate time for it.

**4. What's my experience of the class?**

Worked on Visualization and search capabilities. Ran into some problems with Visualization and will have it work it out over the week with my group.
Also, Class is getting harder now. I need to pick the slack up.

**5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

Github only provides 5 private repos. Bitbucket is a better option with unlimited private repos. So if you ever run out of private repos on github do not worry, you have bit bucket! :D

Thank you,
Kaivan
